# Data

This directory contains all the data produced by *fields.py* used in the publication.

## Used in *Implementation* Section

*convergence_sims_1000.csv* contains 1000 simulation results for the electric and magnetic field at at ground level and at the centre of the 7 metre diameter dust devil simulated with 10<sup>3</sup> superparticles.

*convergence_sims_10000.csv* contains 1000 simulation results for the electric and magnetic field at at ground level and at the centre of the 7 metre diameter dust devil simulated with 10<sup>4</sup> superparticles.

*convergence_sims_100000.csv* contains 1000 simulation results for the electric and magnetic field at at ground level and at the centre of the 7 metre diameter dust devil simulated with 10<sup>5</sup> superparticles.

*convergence_sims_1000000.csv* contains 1000 simulation results for the electric and magnetic field at at ground level and at the centre of the 7 metre diameter dust devil simulated with 10<sup>6</sup> superparticles.

*convergence_sims_10000000.csv* contains 100 simulation results for the electric and magnetic field at at ground level and at the centre of the 7 metre diameter dust devil simulated with 10<sup>7</sup> superparticles.


These are summarised into one file as *all_convergence.csv*, and the code for plotting Figure 6 (a)-(f) is in *convergence_plot.m*, relying on the additional toolbox for MATLAB from https://github.com/IoSR-Surrey/MatlabToolbox.

## Used in *Validation* Section

*1ed_50m.csv* contains 100 simulation results for the electric and magnetic field at 1m off the ground and 50m radially distant from the centre of the 7 metre diameter dust devil simulated with the particle charging fit for a surface electron density of 1 per micron squared.

*1ed_centre.csv* contains 100 simulation results for the electric and magnetic field at the centre of the 7 metre diameter dust devil simulated for a surface electron density of 1 per micron squared.

*1ed_50m.csv* contains 100 simulation results for the electric and magnetic field at 1m off the ground and 50m radially distant from the centre of the 7 metre diameter dust devil simulated for a surface electron density of 2.5 per micron squared.

*1ed_centre.csv* contains 100 simulation results for the electric and magnetic field at the centre of the 7 metre diameter dust devil simulated for a surface electron density of 2.5 per micron squared.

After these datasets, the charge and rotation direction were flipped as outlined in the paper.

*contour_2ed5_10cm_h.csv* contains the electric and magnetic field generated by a 7 metre diameter dust devil at points between X = -50 metres and +50 metres and Y = -50 metres and +50 metres from the centre of the dust devil at a height of 1 metre off the ground. The points have a 10 centimetre resolution.

*contour_2ed5_10cm_v.csv* contains the electric and magnetic field generated by a 7 metre diameter dust devil at points between X = -50 metres and +50 metres and Z = 0 metres and +50 metres from the centre of the dust devil at the midplane Y = 0. The points have a 10 centimetre resolution.


*2ed5_10cmh.mat* and *2ed5_10cmhv.mat* contain separations of this data into MATLAB variables for ease of processing.

*farrell_digitisation.mat* contains the same data as *farrell_e.csv* and *farrell_m.csv*. These files contain the digitisation of the electric (e) and magnetic (m) fields from Figure 4 (a) in **Farrell et al. (2004)**.

*contour_plotter.m* reads the contour files and plots the contour maps in Figure 7. It also reads the digitisation of the Farrell data, and creates Figure 8 in this work, comparing the transect of the contour at Y = 0 and Z = 1 metre off the ground to this data.
